Add coupledDiv API (+multiple improvements to the docs) (#27376)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/interfaces/Coupleable.md

# Coupleable

This class provides an API for coupling different kinds of variables values into MOOSE systems.
The following tables summarize the methods it provides.

> | Methods for scalar variables | Description |

Reviewer: scalar variables are their own thing, with a single dof for the entire domain
Maybe "scalar field variables" or "standard field variables" instead

Author: Done.

| :--- | :--- |
`coupledValue`^*‡§^ | Value of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledGradient`^*‡§^ | Gradient of a coupled variable at q-points

> `coupledSecond`^*‡§^ | Second derivatives of a coupled variable at q-points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`coupledSecond`^*‡§^ | Second spatial derivatives of a coupled variable at q-points
```

Author: Done.

`coupledDot`^†§^ | Time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledDotDot`^†§^ | Second time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points

> `coupledDotDu` | Derivative of the time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`coupledDotDu` | Derivative with regards to the variable of the time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
```
same for the others

Author: Done.

`coupledDotDotDu` | Derivative of the second time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledGradientDot`^§^ | Time derivative of the gradient of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledGradientDotDot` | Second time derivative of the gradient of a coupled variable at q-points

> | Nodal methods for scalar variables | Description |

Reviewer: move nodal to qualifying the variables instead

Author: Done.

| :--- | :--- |
`coupledNodalValue`^*‡§^ | Value of a coupled variable at nodes
`coupledNodalDot`^†^ | Time derivative of a coupled variable at nodes
`coupledNodalDotDot`^†^ | Second time derivative of a coupled variable at nodes

| Methods for vector variables | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
`coupledVectorValue`^‡§^ | Value of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledVectorGradient`^‡§^ | Gradient of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledCurl`^‡^ | Curl of a coupled vector variable at q-points

> `coupledDiv`^‡^ | Divergence of a coupled vector variable at q-points

Reviewer: should it be coupledVectorDiv ?
A div of a standard field variable is a thing: dudx + dudy + dudz

Author: > A div of a standard field variable is a thing: dudx + dudy + dudz

Do we provide this at all? I'd be surprised if we did. I just tried to follow the same "format" as `coupledCurl`.

`coupledVectorDot`^†§^ | Time derivative of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledVectorDotDot`^†^ | Second time derivative of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledVectorDotDu` | Derivative of the time derivative of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledVectorDotDotDu` | Derivative of the second time derivative of a coupled vector variable at q-points

| Nodal methods for vector variables | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
`coupledNodalValue`^*‡§^ | Value of a coupled vector variable at nodes
`coupledNodalDot` | Time derivative of a coupled vector variable at nodes

*: These methods are also provided with values from the previous Newton iteration
by suffixing their name with `PreviousNL`, e.g. `coupledSecondPreviousNL`.

†: These methods are also provided with values from the previous iteration of a
transient simulation by suffixing their name with `Old`, e.g. `coupledDotOld`.

‡: These methods are also provided with values from the previous or second previous

> iteration of a transient simulation by suffixing their name with `Old` or `Older`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time steps in a transient simulation by suffixing their name with `Old` or `Older`,
```

Reviewer: same above

Author: Done.

respectively, e.g. `coupledDivOld` or `coupledDivOlder`.

§: These methods are also provided with automatic differentiation info by prefixing their
name with `ad` and preserving `camelCase`, e.g. `adCoupledValue` or `adCoupledVectorDot`.

> 

Reviewer: add a note about "previous" not being available for AD because it doesnt make sense

Author: Done?

`coupledDot`†§ | Time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledDotDot`†§ | Second time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledDotDu` | Derivative with regards to the variable of the time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledDotDotDu` | Derivative with regards to the variable of the second time derivative of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledGradientDot`§ | Time derivative of the gradient of a coupled variable at q-points
`coupledGradientDotDot` | Second time derivative of the gradient of a coupled variable at q-points

| Methods for nodal scalar field variables | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
`coupledNodalValue`*‡§ | Value of a coupled variable at nodes
`coupledNodalDot`† | Time derivative of a coupled variable at nodes
`coupledNodalDotDot`† | Second time derivative of a coupled variable at nodes

| Methods for vector field variables | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
`coupledVectorValue`‡§ | Value of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledVectorGradient`‡§ | Gradient of a coupled vector variable at q-points
`coupledCurl`‡ | Curl of a coupled vector variable at q-points

> `coupledDiv`‡ | Divergence of a coupled vector variable at q-points

Author: Hi @GiudGiud, can we please get a third opinion on this?
It just doesn't feel right to me.

I've never come across this definition:
> A div of a standard field variable is a thing: dudx + dudy + dudz

For me, that's just $\nabla u \cdot (1, 1, 1)$, but I've never seen it named "divergence" anywhere.

Now, if the argument is to rename to `coupledVectorDiv` because it acts on vector variables, that's fine. But in that case I'd also prefer to rename `coupledCurl` to `coupledVectorCurl`.

> `coupledDiv`‡ | Divergence of a coupled vector variable at q-points

Reviewer: oh yeah my bad

> `coupledDiv`‡ | Divergence of a coupled vector variable at q-points

Reviewer: I was thinking of EM and thought I remembered E was not a vector field. But it is
